Cognitive Benefits of Computer Games for Older Adults 
by Elizabeth M. Zelinski, PhD and Ricardo Reyes, BA

The article Cognitive Benefits of Computer Games for Older Adults discusses how studies have proven that playing video games help with 
reducing or delaying cognitive diseases such as Alzheimer’s in adults (Zelinski & Reyes, n.d.). The games which appear to have the largest 
affect in producing benefits are digital action games. There are other articles such as Video Games Lead to Faster Decisions that are No 
Less Accurate posted by the University of Rochester, which cover the benefits of cognitive development through the use reaction training 
games and others that discuss the positive influence which colors has on memory performance like that discussed in the article, The 
Influence of Colour on Memory Performance: A Review posted by the U.S National Library of Medicine. The main link that all three of these 
articles share is their connection on improving cognitive skills within adults.

These types of studies as well as the popularity of color games and arcade style games have focused our attention on creating an arcade 
style game, which would be appealing to adults who grew up playing games such as Galaga and Pac-Man, that also introduces the use of color 
matching. Not only are our focused group of individuals within the age range of those who grew up on arcade style games but they also make 
up the majority of gamers, according to the article Cognitive Benefits of Computer Games for Older Adults which states that “49% of gamers 
are 18-49 years old, with an average age of 35” and 26% of gamers are over 50 years of age (Zelinski & Reyes, n.d.). Not only is this group 
of adults the most likely to find our game appealing but they are also coming close to being a part of the age group which begin seeing 
cognitive impairments. However, since more adults have begun playing video games there have been studies done which show reductions 
“in the percentage of adults over age 70 with cognitive impairments” therefore implying that since the main group of video gamers will 
join the 70 and older age group within the next 25-30 years that society should see another reduction in the number of adults diagnosed 
with some form of cognitive impairment (Zelinski & Reyes, n.d.). 

Our group would like to contribute to these benefit by creating a game which will appeal to the bulk of adult gamers by bringing back 
something from their childhood and putting a spin on it through including color matching as a way to help in further benefiting the 
players’ cognitive skills and including something which gamers of all ages would find to be appealing and maybe somewhat of a challenge. 

Reference

Zelinski, E. M., & Reyes, R. (n.d.). Cognitive benefits of computer games for older adults. , 8(4),. 
  Retrieved from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4130645/
