TEST PLAN SPECIFICATIONS

In order to keep track of our tests we will be using a chart to track the test number, the test data, the test purpose, our expected results, and whether or not the test was successful. Below is a sample of the chart which we will be using to track our tests and their results. 

//Insert Table

Tests relating to the syntax of our program shall be performed through the use of both the unit test framework provided through Python, as well as a code review process which will involve developers reviewing each other’s code and offering any advice on possible found issues. 

Performance Tests
The performance tests will be documented within our test documentation sheet where we give the test data being used to test the performance, the reason which will specify what exactly relating to the performance is being tested, our expected results, whether or not the test was successful, and any additional comments which the team member who performed the tests feels should be brought to the developers and users attention.  Some of the steps that will be taken prior to performance tests are to make sure that all of the correct software has been installed so that the game may perform to the best of its ability. 
One of the main things which our performance tests will include is the speed and smoothness of our programs flow since python games created and ran within Pygame tend to have issues with their speed. A lot of the issues relating to the performance test are often related to the syntax used in developing the game. Steps to avoid these being issues will include using certain modules, libraries, or even just replacing the syntax with something which may help to scientifically improve the speed and overall performance of our game. 

Stress Tests
The stress tests which will be performed in relation to our game will include increasing the number of enemy ships to see how many ships the program may be able to handle at once. This test will allow our developers to determine what a good number of enemy ships may be in order to provide the user with a smooth flowing game as well as a challenge. This stress test will also help developers in determining how well the path finding algorithm will work for the chosen number of enemy ships at any one time. Another test to be performed under the stress test phase will be the intensity of the boss enemy ship and what all factors may play in the fight between the player and the boss ship. Once again this test will allow developers to provide the players with a smooth flowing program as well as a challenging game. 

Functional Tests
Once both the performance tests and stress tests have helped in determining syntax, libraries, modules, and any other relating factors to be used within the program, then functional tests shall be performed by going through the game and focusing on each phase and detail. Once our group has performed Alpha testing of the game and have made sure that the game is functioning as planned then the game shall be released to a select group of individuals for Beta testing so that we may receive feedback on any functionality issues which we missed. During both the Alpha and Beta testing processes, documentation shall take place in reporting each issue, the proposed solution, testing of the program with the solution in place and a recording of the results. Each reported issues shall be dealt with and the process of Alpha and Beta testing will be repeated. Once our group and those individuals chosen to participate in the Beta testing process are satisfied with the games functionality, we will consider all tests complete. 
