The game that we have drawn inspiration from is a 1980’s arcade game known as Galaga. Galaga was developed by Namco in 1981 and is a 
shooter based game where the player tries to take down enemy ships by shooting at them. The enemy ships may be taken down in one or two 
hits. Enemy ships requiring two hits are known as the Galaga and will turn blue after the first hit, indicating that there is one hit left 
to take down the ship. While shooting at enemy ships the player must also avoid being hit by enemy fire while also avoiding the beam from 
the Galaga looking to capture a players’ ship. If captured the players ship will remain imprisoned unless the Galaga is taken down 
(Galaga 1-82).

While our game, is similar to that of Galaga in the sense that the player will be battling against enemy ships which they must fire upon 
through the use of a laser beam. The original version of Galaga does not include laser beams but instead has the player firing missiles at 
the enemy ships. We have decided to implement laser beams within our game as a way for players to take down enemy ships at a faster rate 
therefore allowing the player to take on more enemies in a shorter time frame. Not only will we be changing the weapon aspect of the game 
but we will also include a color matching scheme which will require that the player change the color of their weapon to match the color of 
the enemy ship that they are firing upon. If the laser color fired by the player does not match the color of the enemy ship that was hit 
by it, then the enemy ship will take no damage. Our boss ship, like the Galaga will require more hits to be successfully taken down but 
will differ in the sense that it will not include the beam that captures the players ship but instead will change colors requiring that 
the player also change their color of weapon to continue successfully hitting the boss ship. If the player is not able to keep up with 
the color changing, then they will likely be taken down by enemy fire.  

The reason which we have chosen to implement the color matching scheme within our game was not only a way to separate our game from the 
original but it also adds a more challenging aspect to the game, plus the modification includes statistically proven health benefits. 
There have been studies done proving that color matching within games increases the cognitive development and skills within those 
individuals playing them (Elizabeth M. Zelinski), in both adults and children alike (Franceschini S). 

While the original games source code is not available, it is likely that it was written in assembly as most arcade style games 
created between in the 1970’s through the early 1990’s were. However, our game will be written using Python and will require the Pygame 
software in order to run.  The original system architecture did require 8-bit hardware created by Nameco as well as other up to date 
hardware and software capable of reading the assembly language so that the game could successfully run. One of the reasons we have chosen 
to use Python over Assembly is because more developers are familiar with Python which will assure that updates and maintenance on the code 
of the game will be done as required. Also the Python language has more third party libraries available to it should the game later be 
modified as a way to appeal to future generations ("Python Vs Assembler | Programming Languages | Hammer Principle"). 

Reference

Elizabeth M. Zelinski, Ricardo Reyes. "Cognitive Benefits Of Computer Games For Older Adults". PubMed Central (PMC). 
  N.p., 2017. Web. 15 Mar. 2017.

Franceschini S, et al. "Action Video Games Make Dyslexic Children Read Better. - Pubmed - 	NCBI". Ncbi.nlm.nih.gov. 
  N.p., 2017. Web. 15 Mar. 2017.

Galaga. 1st ed. Franklin Park, IL: Midway MFG Co, 1981. Web. 14 Mar. 2017.

"Python Vs Assembler | Programming Languages | Hammer Principle". Hammerprinciple.com. N.p., 	2017. Web. 15 Mar. 2017.
